---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
---

<!-- Text stuff -->
<h2>Hi Google!</h2>
<p>My portfolio is at <a href="https://go/mkos">go/mkos</a>. If you can't access it, please let me know!</p>

<p> Cheers! </p>
1. Hayes TL, Abendroth F, Adami A, Pavel M, Zitzelberger TA, Kaye JA. Unobtrusive assessment of activity patterns associated with mild cognitive impairment. Alzheimer's and Dementia 2008; 4: 395-405.
2. GBD 2017 Disease and Injury Incidence and Prevalence Collaborators. Global, regional, and national incidence, prevalence, and years lived with disability for 354 diseases and injuries for 195 countries and territories, 1990-2017: a systematic analysis for. Lancet (London, England) 392, 1789–1858 (2018).
3. Prince, M. World Alzheimer Report 2015: the global impact of dementia: an analysis of prevalence, incidence, cost and trends. (2015).
4. Prevention, C. for D. C. and. Promoting Health and Independence for an Aging Population: at a Glance 2017. (2017).
5. Roberts, R. O. et al. Higher risk of progression to dementia in mild cognitive impairment cases who revert to normal. Neurology 82, 317–325 (2014).
6. Sachdev, P. S. et al. The prevalence of mild cognitive impairment in diverse geographical and ethnocultural regions: The COSMIC Collaboration. PLoS One 10, (2015).
7. Kremen, W. S. et al. Early identification and heritability of mild cognitive impairment. Int. J. Epidemiol. 43, 600–610 (2014).
8. Clark, L. R. et al. Mild Cognitive Impairment in Late Middle Age in the Wisconsin Registry for Alzheimer’s Prevention Study: Prevalence and Characteristics Using Robust and Standard Neuropsychological Normative Data. Arch. Clin. Neuropsychol. 31, 675–688 (2016).
9. Koscik, R. L. et al. Emergence of Mild Cognitive Impairment in Late Middle-Aged Adults in the Wisconsin Registry for Alzheimer’s Prevention. Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord. 38, 16–30 (2014).
10. Gustavson, D. E. et al. Multiple memory tests in midlife improve prediction of mild cognitive impairment. bioRxiv 584193 (2019). doi:10.1101/584193
11. Morley, J. E. et al. Brain Health: The Importance of Recognizing Cognitive Impairment: An IAGG Consensus Conference. J. Am. Med. Dir. Assoc. 16, 731–739 (2015).
12. Tinklenberg, J. R. et al. Donepezil treatment and alzheimer disease: Can the results of randomized clinical trials be applied to alzheimer disease patients in clinical practice? Am. J. Geriatr. Psychiatry 15, 953–960 (2007).
13. Prince, M., Bryce, R. & Ferri, C. The benefits of early diagnosis and intervention. in World Alzheimer Report 2011 (2011).
14. Olazarán, J. et al. Nonpharmacological Therapies in Alzheimer’s Disease: A Systematic Review of Efficacy. Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord. 30, 161–178 (2010).
